I put a lot of effort into this campaign, so please don't claim it or part of it as your own.
...Though I can't imagine why you would.
Also note that I had no part in making Boswars, and this campaign is what you'd call a "fan project", and as such I don't own any part of the game.
Lmoy

The FAQ


Q: I can't beat level (x)!
A: Every level is fully beatable. If you can't beat a level for whatever reason you probably just suck, and need to revise your strategy and tactics.


Q: I can't build missile silos!
A: That is intentional. It is meant to prevent the use of nukes, which in my opinion make the game too easy. If you don't like it you can remove the code that prevents them from each level. Don't ask me how to do that, you'll have to figure it out yourself.


Q: I CAN build missile silos!
A: I'm not sure if they're properly disabled for every level. If you can build them, let my know and I'll fix it. Or don't, and revel in the insane power they provide you to beat a somewhat obscure indie game's knock off fan campaign.


Q: I need to contact you!
A: If you have any bug reports, suggestions, complaints, or just need someone to talk to or whatever, you can contact me at: lm0y@live.ca


Q: You never respond to my emails!
A: Probably because you're typing my email address wrong. Come on, it's not that difficult. Just copy and paste.

Q: The briefing backgrounds are distorted!
A: I made that graphic in literally eight seconds. I also made it to fit my screen, which I figured is a pretty common resolution. If it doesn't fit, cut off/add some black to the edges in paint. Or better yet, don't worry about it.


Q: The briefing text for level (x) isn't fully displaying! 
A: Because of the admittedly ridiculous amount of text for many missions on the briefing screen (8, 10, 16, 17, 18, 19, and 20 being the main offenders, and no I won't shorten them), smaller resolutions will likely not be able to display it all. If that's the case the text is included here for your reading pleasure.


NOTE: Don't read ahead of the level you're on if you don't want spoilers. Also get a better monitor or something.


Level One: First Strike
June 21st, Year 8   
As part of the ongoing Vespollan campaign, you've been reassigned. Your first mission is to sabotage the enemy's air base on Red Island. Though small and relatively undefended, the base has proven to be a problem for our forces. We have allotted you asmall strike force. You are to neutralise all enemy units and emplacements."


Level Two: Sabotage
July 4th, Year 8
Your second assignment is another relatively easy sabotage mission. You've been given an elite sabotage team to eliminate all enemy forces on Grendi Island, so our forces can begin harvesting  resources from the resource rich island. The enemy is not yet aware of your presence. Use this to your advantage.


Level Three: Sprekt Assault
November 30th, Year 8
All available troops have been recalled to Korla for a massive invasion to retake the city. We can only offer you the men you need to train your own troops for this assault. Sprekt Island is a heavily fortified complex. Scouts report several gun turrets and plenty of armour. The island's commander, your old rival Commander Petch, is not present for some reason though, so his troops will be in disarray, and will likely only work to defend themselves.


Level Four: Assault on Aether
January 5th, Year 9
The invasion of Korla was a resounding success, and now we can put our entire military might into conquering the Vespollan Ilses. Your fourth assignment is to conquer Aether island, a large base supporting the enemy on the main islands. You now have control of a large invasion force. Our aim is to use Aether island as a base of operations for when we invade the larger islands. But first we need to capture it."


Level Five: Defense of Aether
January 10th, Year 9
Having captured Aether Island for our own uses, the enemy seeks to take it back. Commander Petch, angry at your sabotage of his base, is leading the attack. Beware, as he is a skilled commander, and has already established a working base on the north-western corner of the island.


Level Six: Pebble Beach
February 12th, Year 9
This is the last island before the invasion of Vespollan. Taking Triton Island is going to be a big operation, but it is imperative. The south side of the island has several cannon emplacements that are blocking our boats from reaching Vespollan, and so they must be eliminated. Because of Triton's rocky shores, vehicles cannot make it ashore, so a small group of foot soldiers and engineers are all that can be landed. You will need to build your own invasion force.


Level Seven: Meltdown
February 15th, Year 9
Scouts report that the north side of Triton island has several nuclear missile silos. This poses a severe threat to our forces and must be eliminated at all costs. Commander Petch is organising the defences of the silos, and should not be taken lightly. He will do everything in his power to stop you.


Level Eight: Korla
April 19th, Year 9
Korla is our largest and most militarily powerful city. After its recapture earlier this year, the enemy has been attacking our many smaller bases surrounding it, systematically eliminating them. Despite concerted defence efforts, we have not been able to stop their advance, and now they are at the last base before they reach Korla again. Their invasion must be stopped, but we cannot afford to divert troops away from the Vespollan Isles, so you are ordered to build your own counter-invasion force and eliminate the enemy before they can move on and take back Korla.


Level Nine: Red Skirmish
May 1st, Year 9
It is two days before the planned invasion of Vespollan. A significant portion of the invasion force has stopped at Red Island to refuel, rearm, and resupply. What they discover is that the enemy has covertly recaptured the island, and has a huge occupying battalion stationed there. They know that this force needs to be eliminated as fast as possible before they move on and attempt to retake the other islands we now occupy.


Level Ten: Fenrir Beach
June 8th, Year 9
After the Red Island attack the invasion was postponed, but now our campaign can continue into the last enemy stronghold: Vespollan Island. The enemy's military capital is in the heart of the island, and capturing that will end the war at last, bringing their nation to its knees. 
First though, we need to actually move our troops onto Vespollan. The enemy believes their fortifications to be impassible, but we're determined to show them otherwise. All over the island, we're landing thousands of tanks and infantrymen on their beaches.
You've been assigned Fenrir Beach, and have been given over 100 armoured vehicles with which to capture the beach. Smash through the enemy's fortifications, and clear all the turrets and cannons off the beach, then destroy all enemy buildings. If all goes well you should have no trouble establishing a beachhead.


Level Eleven: Lake Manticore  
July 21st, Year 9
The beach landings of Vespollan island were a success, but as our troops move further inland, they are sustaining heavy casualties. It has been determined we need to establish a base at Lake Manticore, in the mid-south portion of Vespollan. However, as with every strategically important location in this campaign, the enemy has already established a presence here.


Level Twelve: Wetlands
August 3rd, Year 9
Pushing deeper into the island, our advance troops have scouted out several more strategic locations where bases should be established. Here, in the mid south-eastern area of the island lies the defunct Morchella military base, now reclaimed by nature. It is your job to build our own base here, in preparation for the attack on the Ascocarp air base to the north. Beware of any enemy forces seeking to sabotage your efforts.


Level Thirteen: Detour
August 20th, Year 9
A large strike force has been deployed to destroy the Ascocarp air base. However the main roads are crawling with enemy troops so the strike force is circling around them. On their detour, they encounter an enemy strike force led by Commander Petch attempting to reach our base near the old Morchella base without being detected. Commander Petch is not happy to see you.


Level Fourteen: Ascocarp
September 6th, Year 9
So far, all attempts at taking the Ascocarp air base have been unsuccessful, and now the enemy has launched a huge attack on our base near Morchella, despite our pre-emptive defense efforts. Desperate to take the air base but short on troops, you have been given only a small force and a handful of engineers. You'll have to train your own attack force. Be careful of the enemy's defenses.


Level Fifteen: Prisoners of War
October 15th, Year 9
Though we captured the Ascocarp air base, the past month saw several crushing defeats at the hands of the enemy. In particular, our best leader, Commander Willis, was captured and killed. A small group of his men are all that remain. They are being held in a POW camp, and it's up to you to free them. Do so, and you will have the men you need to build your base and clear the enemy from this portion of the island. Be careful though, the enemy's main base here is heavily fortified.


Level Sixteen: Anti-Armour
November 7th, Year 9
On the edge of the Black Forest, allied troops encountered an unexpected enemy stronghold. After a huge firefight, little remained of either party, and our troops retreated to Lake Manticore. The enemy needs to be eliminated from the edge of the forest before we can secure it. This is your next objective. They have no doubt rebuilt their base by now. Keep in mind their commander, Colonel Gillian, likes to use tanks. A lot. Unfortunately, we cannot counter his armour with our own, because demand for vehicle and factory cpus has outstripped supply, and they cannot be constructed on site. You will need to defeat him with only infantrymen.


Level Seventeen: Black Forest
November 21st, Year 9
Despite huge losses on our side, the enemy's hold on the island is finally starting to weaken. They're on the retreat and our troops are closing in on their capital in the heart of Vespollan island. Governments around the world are calling for an end to hostilities; our enemy's nation is on the verge of total annihilation. But neither side is willing to give up. The horrors both sides have experienced in this long war have steeled their resolve to win or die trying. At last you have Commander Petch backed into a corner with no escape. Recalling vividly the destruction of the nuclear strikes he ordered on your home town several years ago, you can see your revenge is finally within your grasp. Between you two however is the sprawling Black Forest. The thick trees will make it difficult to build a base, so it may be necessary to clear them first. Just be careful Commander Petch doesn't take you out before you build your fortifications.


Level Eighteen: Liberation
December 19th, Year 9
Commander Petch is dead. But you aren't done yet.
Right now our troops are pushing towards the enemy's capital. Though enduring intense fighting, they are making huge gains. However, a few days ago, we lost contact with a large tank battalion, among them some of our best tank crews. They were to take part in the final push to the capital. It is likely they were captured and are being held in an internment camp on the far shore of Lake Elixer. The fastest way to rescue them is via air, so that's the way we've decided to go. We can only spare one chopper for the rescue, so be careful. After the tanks are liberated, move west and you should find an enemy base. This base is the largest for several dozen kilometers around, and was the tank battalion's initial target. Destroy it.


Level Nineteen: Penultimate Assault
December 28th, Year 9
Last night the advance strike forces, which were supposed to attack the enemy's capital today, were annihilated by a massive series of explosions. Nuclear weapons. The enemy has unexpectedly constructed somewhere in the range of a dozen nuclear missile silos right under our noses. As we speak they are destroying our already weakened invasion force with nuclear strikes all over their own island. This needs to be dealt with swiftly and without hesitation. If we are to win this war their nuclear capabilities must be eliminated. This is all that stands between us and total victory.


Level Twenty: Battle of Survival
January 1st, Year 10
We've crushed the enemy's military, destroyed their nation and culture. All that remains of them is their capital city, surrounded by the wreckage that used to be their civilisation. Their attempts to defend it are fanatical and determined, but even now they are already losing the battle. Your final objective is to completely destroy their largest base, stationed right outside the capital, to prevent it from sending reinforcements to aid their dying city. Complete this, and we will finally, after a full decade of fighting, have won the war. We are supplying you with a huge attack force, but their base is enormous, and you may need to train more troops before you can raze the last shreds of their military at last.


(Ending text)
Looking at the smoking wreckage that once was your most hated enemy's civilisation, you finally, after ten long years, relax a bit. You recall the early years of the war, when your people fought for their very survival amidst the radioactive wreckage of their cities; which are still uninhabitable years later. 
You can't remember why the war started, and can hardly even remember what the enemy had called themselves now, having known them as simply 'the enemy' for as long as you can recall. Already your people, escaping their nuked out cities, are moving into territory their mortal foes once held.
You have proved to the world that, when their very survival is at stake, your nation will win the battle.